Configurable SDK options (#11)
DrDroidLab/drdroidapi-java: README.md

# Doctor Droid - Java SDK for custom ingestionEvents

> This is a library that will allow developers to Ingest custom stateful to Doctor Droid Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a library that will allow developers to send custom events to Doctor Droid Platform.
```

#### Add the following to your build.gradle:

```agsl
implementation group: 'io.drdroid', name: 'api-java', version: '2.0.2'
```
Build your java project

Maven Link - https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.drdroid/api-java

## Setup the configuration

You will need to setup local environment variables wherever your application is running that needs to send the
ingestionEvents. You will get these from Doctor Droid platform, but for demo, setup by running the following:

```
export DRDROID_AUTH_TOKEN=<API Auth Token>
export DRDROID_HOSTNAME=https://ingest.drdroid.io
export DRDROID_SERVICE_NAME=<service name>
```

If you want to explicitly initialize DrDroid client bean, you can initiliaze Dr Droid bean as follows:
```agsl
To initialise DrDroidClient, add the following client config:
DrDroidClient.initDrDroidClient(<api_token>, <sinK_url>, <service_name>)

- api_token <String>
- sink_url <String>
- service_name <String>
```

> Additionally, you can control the behavior of DrDroid Client by configuring following variables either directly in the code or through ENV variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can configure the DrDroid Client directly in the code or through ENV variables. 
```
